hello today i will cook
Ligurian Lemon Pie Prescription
vera pocket in front of 2 tbsp st
lemon zest and 200 grams of sugar
sand
add 4 medium eggs and lush
light mass
take 100 grams of melted and
cooled butter 100 grams
extra virgin olive oil
quality and 30 grams of lemon juice
220 grams of flour mixed with two tea
spoons baking powder connect both masses
the bottom of a split form with a diameter of 21
centimeter shot baking paper about
I smeared the sides with butter
two thirds of dough on it 100 grams
raspberries
i use frozen top cut
remaining texts warmed to 180
degrees oven old form on medium
level and bake for 50 minutes cool form
for 5 minutes at room
temperature one chicken egg protein
we will bring down steady foam I will add 50 grams
sugar and will bring down two minutes before
steady peaks
I will remove a side on paper we will shift on
baking tray
top on the scales whipped squirrels heated
up to 250 degrees oven put the cake on
medium level and continue to bake
until the squirrels turn golden
slightly cold at room temperature
and then transfer to it
this cake has a pronounced citrus
taste and aroma with very pleasant
crimson color subscribe to
channel put likes write comments
share friends with you was irina
Podolyan on the bon appetit channel